hi I'm Mary Mishra I'm 26 and I'm from
South I want to be a combat medical
technician this journey is personal for
me as my friends were injured in
Afghanistan I want to join up to help
soldiers in the frontlines and to
develop myself at a professional level
here's a tough job quite ready for the
charity
on city street I currently hold down two
jobs to make a living
enjoy working in the restaurant I get to
meet new people and their job
satisfaction the tips are also good but
I've wanted to join the army for a while
because this journey is personal for me
three of my friends were caught in an ie
D blast in Helmand province in January
2011 it's meant that I've really found
the motivation to join the army and to
help others I think initially it was
just shock shock that not only one
person but three people that I know that
I've known for a long time you know
we're all caught in the same blast at
the same time and and after that you
know finding out what the extent of
their injuries were it was then it's
just worried it's just nothing but
worrying is for anyone in that situation
and you know you wanted it you want to
help you want to be involved but you
know they're already under the best care
that they can be when they come back to
England speaking to Kenny I get to hear
firsthand what it was like being to
Afghanistan twice first time and I was
excited to go there but it was it was a
good tour it was a bad time at the same
time why was it bad - suddenly I lost to
me but best mates other that's just one
thing you've got keeping the bucket in
mind there's a possibility but with the
rest of you makes their you you know
pull through and your second tour ii saw
the beginning was okay and then it got a
little bit interesting in January
suddenly I got in there is you know I
hate a bomb so last year you scotty NJ
we're all caught in an IE d blast and
obviously it must have been awful but
what was it actually like to go through
something like that an experience
we want to do it again what was an
experience and it's more like a slide
show it really was I just remember bits
of it were you scared no so what was it
like when the medics first attended to
you do they talk to you all the time and
reassure you or do they get straight
down to business and make sure that
you're right I was airlifted straight
away oh not show you it was probably
about 15 minutes to Bastian right the
golden hours she call it I was sent to
Russia where the medics treating there
and you were in bastion for a long time
or did you immediately were you then
taken out to within 24 hours of actually
getting blown up always in Burma Nepal
and do they stay with you from on the
ground to when you get back to Bastion
no the medic will stay on the ground
helicopter comes out with all the medics
on on that helicopter
you've got doctors and all sorts I'm at
home got six probably the best ambulance
you'll probably get in the world and
then they take over from him my friend
is very brave so to all those who joined
to go and tour in Afghanistan I want to
go on tour - the journeys during the
army began in Slough I visited the army
careers office and spoke to a careers
advisor about my future plans the NCOs
here were helpful and friendly I got all
the information I felt I needed to make
an informed decision about my future
once I felt confident that being a
combat medic was really for me it was on
to the next stage
to prepare for recruitment tests which
will test my basic numeracy literacy and
reasoning skills we are particularly
interested in the individuals commitment
their effort their suitability and their
attainment I pretty much want to know
that that person wants this kind of work
and this type of location and they're
prepared to put that effort in to be
able to achieve it pretty much it's down
to the individual themselves about their
own drive and determination we encourage
them to go to the gym we encourage them
to go out running to pretty much build
up their sort of physical activity
themselves we give them targets we give
them a fitness program which we provide
at the office and pretty much encourage
them to develop as best they can what we
can't do is physically take them by
the hand and run them through the park
clearly the the caliber of candidates
within slows very high as they are
across all offices but in particular
we're looking for attributes such as
courage integrity honesty determination
to succeed all of these things are
really important in terms of being
successful with a military career the
next stage for me is to start preparing
for my recruitment tests these shouldn't
be too difficult because I did wear at
college after that it's the medical so
there's still lots to do before I can
get to selection but I've taken the
first steps and I'm excited about what
the future holds there's always going to
be an element of fear with it I think I
think if you don't have an element of
fear then something's not right and
because it is dangerous out there we're
all aware of that we see it on the news
all the time so it is definitely
something that you have to be scared of
but it's not something that's a barrier
for me it probably shows me more to want
to do it to overcome something like that
and get out there and really make a
difference
you